Oil and gas have been ALWAYS the cause of war. Currently a major regional war is occurring with
oil and gas prices rapidly increasing. The cause of ANY war is OIL. Thus, it is now time to cut oil
entirely and there is a way that has existed ever since-the motion of seawater. Sea constitutes 70%
of earth surface while the motion of sea waves is uninterrupted and cannot be stopped unless the
moon is stopped from running around the earth which would result in the earth being tidally locked
to the sun, resultimg in the end of life on earth. As there are many practical challenges in turning such
seawater wave motions into useable energy, the vast potential of the seawater motion based energy
has not been realized yet except for some prototypes. 
Since the origination of my inital ideas, a major war has occurred and is going on in the Middle East,
severely affecting international trade and (the now broken so-called "global supply chain") energy supply.
Thus, the decoupling from "global" oil and gas resources has become more important and urgent than ever
The war in Ukraine has emphasized the importance of decentralizing electricity infrastructure for resillence.
<Fig> Burning oil well
The other geopolitical hazard in energy supply is ESS. As many ESS is made of rare earth materials such as
lithium, they cause a supply risk depending of the geopolitical tensions at a specific time, such as the
country monopolizing 
<Fig,Winnie the Pooh>


Ai notice
The thumbnail and a few images are AI generated from nano banana,some from Leonardo.ai in the
past. 
However, the idea and plan are all my made and drawings other than
some wiki images are hand drawn. I cannot learn cad because the learning
curve is steep, takes a long time , resulting in minimum wage job.
Some technical consultation was gotten from Gemini and ChatGPT as I am not an energy power major
at college.
No part of this presentation may be used for commercial purposes.






Cheap gas caused the current Ukrainian war and currently a large regional war
is going on in Middle East because of oil
Alternatives so far:
1)Renewables-Mainly wind and solar
  -Unstable supply, no electricity at all if cloudy and no wind
  -Low efficiency(less than 20% for solar)
  -Safety(exploding windmills-photo)
  -Solar panels destroy environment
  -Unsuitable for heavychemical industry power supply which require
   uninterrupted supply of high power(semicon, petrochemical,steel etc)
  -Just solar energt has been proven to greatly save air conditioning costs in summer
    where 97% humidity and 37C indoor temperature mandate air conditioners; but
    mandatory thermal insulation rules have actually enabled it
   <Figs>: Offshore wind mill, solar panels




2)Nuclear powerplants
  -The best alternative but infeasible without centralized governance
  -Influenced by geopolitics and local politics
  -Only Korea(KSTAR) and China(EAST) have mass producable nuclear fusion tech
  -Requires massive investment and long time for building
  -Only viable for more than at least  midsized countries, 
  -Nuclear waste disposal problem cannot be solved
   <Fig.    Chernobyl>
3)Geothermal
  -Requires deep drilling, high costs
  -Unsuitable for industries,dwelling only
Why we need much more energy?
 -AI: GPU array rigs consume a lot of power and cooling
 -Global weather anomalies:Environment must be fully controlled to ensure normal
  and efficient human activities-heating/air conditioning,
 -Shitwater burning: Medieval pest and very likely the past corona illness were
  exacerbated by transfer through poor sanitization/sewage
  All men only have to go to the army where we burn shit in a drum with oil.
  In short, nothing can be left to nature anymore and must be controlled with
  computer and electricity(antigada evadema included)


  <Table  > Comparisons of various alternative energy sources
                    Availability        Provenness  Time to implement    Cost    Politics/geopolitics
Wind              Sometimes        Low           Middle                    High     Middle
Solar             Nonrain daylight only   High     Low                     Middle-High    Depends
Nuclear         24/7/365          Yes               5+ years                Very high     High risk
Sea wave


THE Alternative: Hydrodyne Power 
Using the natural movement of water as power supply
-70% of earth is sea
-Energy source is the tidal interaction with the moon thus can't stop.
 If it stops, it means that the moon has separated from the earth which means
 everything is dead
-Utilizing the entire seashore can provide energy without any fuel cost in an
 uninterrupted manner

How it works:What it is
  A hydrodyne is a flexible panel that generates power through a plane array of 


 <Fig. > Hydrodyne panel - Maqss production suitable

 <Fig.  > Reluctance based hydrodyne panel example
AI:Nano Banana


   Hydrodyne Details



  Each layer and unit have low cost controllers and power charge/discharge capacitors.
 The controllers ha


-Energy stored on:
 1)Mountain/hill/building wall based sandbag storage
 Large part of land mass is mountain/hill, sand is low-cost
 geared motor functions as motor when charged, as dynamo when discharged
 ESS requires massive investment in dangerous lithium based storage devices
 that also require large amounts of RARE EARTH material which is a cost and
 geopolitical problem as rare earth has become a flashppint of geopolitics,
 after semiconductors and oil. But sand is everywhere , the sand from beaches where
 now the hydrodyne units are installed 



 Most of land is either hill or mountain and thus there is large space for implementing
 the sandbag based energy buffer storage. The sandbags run inside plastic cloth such
 as tarpauline covered ducts up and down the mountains while being connected to
 a cable going through a braked pulley at the top and a winch/generator at the opposite
 side. When energy is stored from the hydrodyne panel system and 


 <Fig.  > Sandbag storage-Replacing rare earth batteries
<Fig.  > Exploding and burning batteries


  
 
 2)Sand battery
 If 1) capacity is saturated or there is only flatland
 -Sand batteries are very efficient at heat storage but very inefficient for electricity
  -Heat storage for water/indoor heating required anyway
  -Electricity can be made through heat exchange turbines
 3)Hydrogen/oxygen
  -Electricity can be used to make hydrogen and oxygen which can be transported
   using pipelines or safe containers that would release hydrogen slowly for slow flame
   burning if container damaged or overpressurized and thus leaving only water vapor
   Batteries such as LTO and lead acid are expensive and should be used for buffering/
   UPS/overnight purposes only



   Rainwater(rainfall.draib),evaporation turbines,rivers can be used together with seawater
   movement to generate power.
    All of these things are low tech low capital and thus will be available at ali,
   The water and wind turbines as well as bike generators are already sold at ali.
   Here are some hand sketches for illustration:
   

  
  <Fig.1>Seashore generation using hydrodynes
  <Fig.2>Mountain based sandbag batteries
  <Fig.3>Sand batteries for heat storage
  <Fig.4>Waterflow energy collection
  <Fig.5>Hydrogen generation(Thermodyne)/SafeCan 

   These generation/storage means are consolidated into semiautomatic systems on a distributed
   local basis.
   <Fig.6> System Consolidation- Hand drawing

   3. Enabling tech-Time division multiplexing and energy switching
       Local based distributed system for smaller societies, not based on centralized grid
       unlike on bug establishent
   3.1 Time division multiplexing of different energy sources 
   The hydrodyne system consists of many power generatrion devices which have different
    voltages and currents. There is no real working way to run such generators in parallel ,
   at least without power loss or lower power generators not actually supplying anything.
    However:
    Seawater motion is slow ,in second unit intervals, And there is a slow motion stop interval.
    Thus, time multiplexed power travsfer using mass manufactured devices is possible,.
    Which means:
    Different devices discharge their power at different timeslots in a seawater motion interval,
    generate when seawater moves inward, discharge power to the upper branch at successive
    different interval according to time signal and their sequence id, thus no overlapping leak of
    generated power occurs, resulting in a power pulse train of different amplitudes and duty cycles.
    The time reference would be a real time clock or timebase radio signal, or supplied through
    lines. Whatever is most cost-effective. The still motion interval is detected through a cheap sensor
    such as MPU6050 which is used in many low cost toys. During this detected still wave period
    each genera



    <Fig.  > Time division multiplexing of power sources



   Advantages
   No top notch technology or massive capital investment required unlike tidal wave plants
   which only Korea has because only Korea has that sort of technology and capital(the
   reason why no other country can make dram and music)
   No greenhouse gases/depletion of resources
   No fuel transport required
   Uninterrupted energy generation as long as there is water on earth and moon is in orbit
   As mentioned in my handsketch video 2 years ago, electric cars needn't batteries.
   It is similar to induction powered trams or, in the case of korea only, induction powered
   high speed rail
   Low cost-
   As the "fuel" ,that is, tidal interaction btw earth and sun is available at no other cost'
   and just initial investment for ali available low cost low tech devices. electricity will be
   much cheaper.
   Cost would be for covering (the low) initial investment and maintenance costs, land rent,
   and billing for a fraction of other electricity means and line rental charges.Additional required
   power costs such as for ai gpu arrays would be paid by renting multiple "lines" corresponding
   to the power requirement
   Cost=fraction of other electricity means(fixed rate)*overuse part*no.of rented "lines"
   
   Revenue creation
   1)The above cost payment(albeit much lower than existing electricities)
   2)H2 sales
   3)NPK fertilizer and rare earth as well as plain salt from seawater 
    (already done at dead sea)
    =>FOOD INDEPENDENCE,NO OIL USED AT ALL
   NO WAR
